Hahahahahahahahaha
The military port will not carve small tricks
All of you have to die today hahaha
Then you can actually break the unbreakable body of King Kong
Cao Lin is next to you
Dare to disobey military orders
Do you still remember the first rule of Cao Lin's northern military regulations?
All who pass and pulse dzi beads
Lu Shuai
General Gao
General Gao, hold on
You are a veteran of the army
Not afraid of your healing
No need for my life
The only person I care about is my daughter Gao Xiaoyun
I want to take him
Entrust to you senior army
Senior Army
General Gao, don't worry
I, Liao Fan, am inspired here
I will never let Cao Ling's remnants
Hurt your daughter a hair